<wL>

Downloading Payload
<wL>

Test Videostream
<sV>
test
Decrypting Videodata
<fC>
4
<wL>
Play

<w>
	"For knowledge itself is power."

Sir Francis Bacon

In the 1930s mankind discovered the power of digital computing. Based on the research of several scientific masterminds digital computers replaced analog calculating devices, known to humanity since thousand of years.
Electronic circuits made it possible for machines to do more calculating operations, than a human being ever dreamed of.
Never ending technological progress enhanced the power of the machines, allowing even quicker and bigger operations. More and more digital data was generated, manipulated and stored.
Bits became Bytes, Bytes became Kilobytes, Kilobytes became Megabytes, Megabytes became Gigabytes and so on. The digital age was a unstoppable technical and sociological phenomena.
Personal Computers soon became a part of every household. Processors and Batteries became better, therefore allowing the use of smaller, mobile computing devices.
The work of Tim Berners-Lee in the late 80s brought a further development to the digital age: the World Wide Web.
Computers where no longer isolated machines, but started to build up an ever growing network of computing power and more important of connected data.
The new millennium brought a further grow to the Web. Trough Social Media and other elements of the so called Web 2.0 people started to produce, distribute and share more personal data than ever.
Along with the emergence of smart and connected devices, that were able to communicate and exchange data independently of any human interaction - known as the internet of things - more and more elements of everyday life was recorded, analyzed and logged.

While the most of humans saw the tools of the digital age as instruments to make the world a better place, other people saw different possibilities.
Among them was one man with a twisted and wicked character, never seen before: 
				Gill Bates.
				
Bates saw one thing clearer than his contemporaries: "Knowledge is power!"
With his extraordinary programming skills, Bates gathered together more and more data. Political secrets, military information, financial transactions, private information about politicians - nothing was safe from Bates claws.
Trough blackmail, coercion and inside information he was able to acquire more wealth than any other. But his ultimate goal wasn't money! The only thing he wanted was absolute power!
What looked like a free market of competing Hard- and Software manufactures, was secretly undermined and finally controlled by Gates.
Companies like Sumsang, Pear, Macrohard, Pony, Hatebook or Glitter, where in the total control of one evil genius.
2038 Bates built a information system called Ring - Record-, Information and News-Generator.
Ring was able to manipulate, direct and censor every single bit of information transported through the World Wide Web.

One ring to rule them all, on ring to find them,
one ring to bring them all and in Seattle bind them.

Nobody was able to stand up against the immense power of Gill Bates.
Nobody? No! In the year 2045 to hacking computer nerds discovered Bates evil Scheme.
Armed with an antique C-64 Computer and a 56kbit/s-Modem they prepared to battle this digital goliath.
Because Bates power in the real world was to strong, they set to attack him at foundation of his strength: The digital world.
Through the knowledge of every Episode of MacGyver ever produced they were able to transform one of themselves into bits and bytes.
Uploaded into a computer, transmitted over the web, their quest is to defeat the Ring from within . . . .






